README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

My name is Marianela.

Almost a year ago, I made a huge change in my life and I moved from my accountant degree to be a junior developer in the making. I'm currently working as a developer.

This account is still in the making so you can find exercises and assignments made while I was learning on a Bootcamp and some contributions to work-related projects.

As I still have a lot to learn I'm always looking for courses, workshops, and opportunities to learn from fellow developers.

I try to be involved in the dev community so I go to meetups and I'm part of several women dev communities.
<!--
**mgambina/mgambina** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

adding twitter and linkedin buttons to personal readme

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

My name is Marianela.

Almost a year ago, I made a huge change in my life and I moved from my accountant degree to be a junior developer in the making. I'm currently working as a developer.

This account is still in the making so you can find exercises and assignments made while I was learning on a Bootcamp and some contributions to work-related projects.

As I still have a lot to learn I'm always looking for courses, workshops, and opportunities to learn from fellow developers.

I try to be involved in the dev community so I go to meetups and I'm part of several women dev communities.

You can reach me through:
[![Twitter: margambina](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/margambina?style=social)](https://twitter.com/margambina)
[![Linkedin: Marianela Gambina](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MarianelaGambina-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/johannasantos/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/marianela-gambina)


<!--
**mgambina/mgambina** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
